fixing typos in the docs (#25328)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

    name on each node.

For existing installations with ``kube-proxy`` running as a DaemonSet, remove it
by using the following commands below.

.. warning::

>    Be aware that this will break existing service connections. It will also stop service related traffic

Reviewer: What does `this` refer to?

```suggestion
   Be aware that removing ``kube-proxy`` will break existing service connections. It will also stop service related traffic
```

   until the Cilium replacement has been installed:

   .. code-block:: shell-session

       $ kubectl -n kube-system delete ds kube-proxy
       $ # Delete the configmap as well to avoid kube-proxy being reinstalled during a Kubeadm upgrade (works only for K8s 1.19 and newer)
       $ kubectl -n kube-system delete cm kube-proxy
       $ # Run on each node with root permissions:

>        $ iptables-save | grep -v KUBE | iptables-restore

Reviewer: The commands are the logical continuation of the paragraph, so they should be outside of the warning.

.. include:: ../../installation/k8s-install-download-release.rst

Next, generate the required YAML files and deploy them. 

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

.. important:: 

   Make sure you correctly set your ``API_SERVER_IP`` and ``API_SERVER_PORT`` below with the control-plane node IP address

>    and the kube-apiserver port number reported by ``kubeadm init`` (Kubeadm will use port ``6443`` by default).

Reviewer: Since we're reformatting, could you please wrap the paragraph to ~80-ish-character-wide lines?
